fix!: convert R list to Series correctly via `as_polars_series()` (#1021)
pola-rs/r-polars: NEWS.md

### Other breaking changes

- R objects inside an R list are now converted to Polars data types via

>   `as_polars_series()` (#1021). For example, up to polars 0.15.1, 

Author: ```suggestion
  `as_polars_series()` (#1021). For example, up to polars 0.15.1,
```

### Other breaking changes

- R objects inside an R list are now converted to Polars data types via

>   `as_polars_series()` (#1021). For example, data.frames inside a list
>   are converted to the polars List type in previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `as_polars_series()` (#1021). For example, up to polars 0.15.1, 
  data.frames inside a list were converted to a nested List type:
```

  ```r
  pl$select(nested_data = pl$lit(list(data.frame(a = 1))))
  #> shape: (1, 1)
  #> ┌─────────────────┐
  #> │ nested_data     │
  #> │ ---             │
  #> │ list[list[f64]] │
  #> ╞═════════════════╡
  #> │ [[1.0]]         │
  #> └─────────────────┘
  ```

>   In 0.17.0, data.frames inside a list are converted to the polars Struct type
>   via `as_polars_series(<data.frame>)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  From 0.16.0, data.frames inside a list are converted to the polars Struct type:
```
